war3mapImported\effect_around_01.mdx      Textures\RibbonBlur1b.blp
war3mapImported\effect_around_02.mdx      doodads\Cinematic\EyeOfSargeras\Demon_Rune_Ribbon.blp
war3mapImported\effect_around_02.mdx      Doodads\Cinematic\EyeOfSargeras\Demon_Rune4.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      Units\Demon\HeroPitLord\HeroPitlord.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      Textures\BloodElf-SpellThief.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      Textures\DarkPortal03.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      Units\Naga\NagaMyrmidon\NagaMyrmidon.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      Units\Naga\NagaSiren\NagaSiren.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      Units\Creeps\Magnataur\Magnataur.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      Units\Naga\NagaRoyalGuard\NagaRoyalGuard.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_10.mdx      ReplaceableTextures\Splats\FlameStrike2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_12.mdx      Textures\LavaLump2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_12.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_12_4.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_12.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_12_5.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_14.mdx      AZ_Tornado1E.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_14.mdx      AZ_snowflake01.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_14.mdx      AZ_Smoke3_2x2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_15.mdx      effects\Effect_Bomb_15_1.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_15.mdx      effects\Effect_Bomb_15_2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_17.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_17.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_3.mdx      Abilities\Spells\Other\Monsoon\Lightning1b.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_3.mdx      Abilities\Spells\Other\Monsoon\Lightning4b.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_3.mdx      Abilities\Spells\Other\Monsoon\Lightning2b.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_4.mdx      Textures\ShockwaveWater1Black.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_6.mdx      Textures\Shockwave9.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_6.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_6_1.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_6.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_6_2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_6.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_6_3.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_7.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_7.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_8.mdx      Textures\Shockwave1White.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_8.mdx      Doodads\Cinematic\EyeOfSargeras\Demon_Rune_Cracks.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_8.mdx      Textures\RingOFire.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_9.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_9_5.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_9.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_9_4.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_9.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_9_3.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_9.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_9_1.blp
war3mapImported\effect_bomb_9.mdx      Effects\Effect_Bomb_9_2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_13.mdx      Textures\Zap1b.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_14.mdx      ReplaceableTextures\Splats\FlameStrike1.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_14.mdx      ReplaceableTextures\Splats\FlameStrike2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_18.mdx      Effects\effect_halo_18C.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_18.mdx      Effects\effect_halo_18M.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_24.mdx      abilities\Spells\Orc\Voodoo\AuraRune11.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_52.mdx      AZ_snowflake01.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_52.mdx      AZ_Smoke3_2x2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_52.mdx      AZ_MagicMatrix16.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_54.mdx      Abilities\Spells\Other\HowlOfTerror\Skull1.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_55.mdx      doodads\cinematic\eyeofsargeras\demon_rune2.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_55.mdx      doodads\cinematic\eyeofsargeras\demon_rune4.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_56.mdx      Effects\Effect_halo_56.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_77.mdx      Textures\Tail_Dust3.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_999.mdx      ReplaceableTextures\Splats\FlameStrike1.blp
war3mapImported\effect_halo_999.mdx      ReplaceableTextures\Splats\FlameStrike2.blp
